Updates for the latest release (#22)
lutraconsulting/mergin-docs: www/pages/dashboard.md

---
layout: page
permalink: /dashboard
title: Home page and dashboard
---

When you log in to Mergin website, you will be presented with a dashboard for quick access to your latest projects or the ones shared with you.

On the left panel, you can access your profile, organisation(s) and subscription plan:

![left panel - dashboard](../images/web/web-dashboard-panel.png)

- To switch between your profile and your organisation profile, you can click on the drop-down menu near the profile icon on the top left

- Select **Home** to take you back to the list of most recent projects

- Under **Projects**:
  - To create a new project, select **+ Create** in front of **Projects**

>   - **My projects** lists all your projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **My projects** lists all projects you have created
```

>   - **Shared with me** lists the projects share with you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Shared with me** lists the projects of others shared with you
```

  - **Explore** lists all the public projects

- Under **Organisations**:
  - To create a new organisation, select **+ Create** in front of **Organisations**

>   - To switch to your organisation profile, click on the organisation from the panel

Reviewer: Let's add a link to "working with organisations" for more info.
